{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Chapter 3 - Classes, Objects, and Methods - Exercises\
\
  1.  Which of the following are invalid names? Why?\
         
\f1 Int             playNextSong    6_05
\f0 \
         
\f1 _calloc         Xx              alphaBetaRoutine
\f0 \
         
\f1 clearScreen     _1312           z
\f0 \
         
\f1 ReInitialize    _               A$
\f0 \
\
  2.  Based on the example of the car in this chapter, think of an object you use every day.\
       Identify a class for that object and write five actions you do with that object.\
\
  3.  Given the list in exercise 2, use the following syntax to rewrite your list in this format:\
         
\f1 [
\f2\i instance
\f1\i0  
\f2\i method
\f1\i0 ];
\f0 \
\
  4.  Imagine that you own a boat and a motorcycle in addition to a car. List the actions you\
       perform with each of these. Do you have any overlap between these actions?\
\
  5.  Based on question 4, imagine that you have a class called Vehicle and an object called\
       myVehicle that could be either Car, Motorcycle, or Boat. Suppose that you write the following:\
         
\f1 [myVehicle prep];
\f0 \
         
\f1 [myVehicle getGas];
\f0 \
         
\f1 [myVehicle service];
\f0 \
       Do you see any advantages of being able to apply an action to an object that could be\
       from one of the several classes?\
\
  6.  In a procedural language such as C, you think about actions and then write code to perform\
       the action on various objects. Referring to the car example, you might write a procedure in C\
       to wash a vehicle and then inside that procedure write code to handle washing a car,\
       washing a boat, washing a motorcycle, and so on. If you took that approach and then wanted\
       to add a new vehicle type (see the previous exercise), do you see advantages or\
       disadvantages to using this procedural approach over an object-oriented approach?\
\
  7.  Define class called XYPoint that will hold a Cartesian coordinate (x, y), where x and y are\
       integers. Define methods to individually set the x and y coordinates of a point and retrieve\
       their values. Write an Objective-C program to implement your new class and test it.\
}